TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNPACK & WIN CONTEST BY DOWELL
AIM OF THE CONTEST :- 
UNPACK & WIN is a concept of Dowell Living Lab.This is to make a video of unpacking the product, demonstration of the first use of the product, and disposal/reusing/storage of the package. The Video can be related to any specific product.
DETAILS OF THE CONTEST

Location:  Online
Duration:  WEEKLY
Contact: DoWell Team Organizer
Email: netalpareek@dowellresearch.in
Link for the interactive discussion session with DoWell Living Lab Team or for any further Query:

PARTICIPATION RULES OF CONTEST :- 
ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA:
This contest is open to  individuals above the age of 16 years.
Participation in the contest constitutes Participant’s full and unconditional agreement to and acceptance of these Terms and Conditions (“Terms”). 
The term “you” refers to  the “Participant”.
 Employees of Sponsor and its respective parent companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, advertising, promotion, fulfillment or other coordinating agencies, individuals providing services to Sponsor through an outsourcer or temporary employment agency during the contest period, and their respective immediate family members and persons living in their same household, are not eligible to participate in the competition. 
Your Participation: 
i. You can participate as an individual only. 
ii. Teams are not allowed. Sponsor is not responsible for, and will not assist in resolving, any disputes between the participants. 
iii.To participate, you must make a video of the following three steps as mentioned earlier either as a single video or split of three videos with a maximum duration of 30 mins each. 
iii.You must make your own  arrangements of product and equipment and cover all associated costs and expenses. 
iv.You, as a Participant will be required to do the following: 
The challenge is to build a creative and innovative content video using a product and utilization of its packaging. 
All participants (individual digital identity)will receive an individual code using which you will be able to upload the video(s).
 Incomplete Entries may be disqualified. 

 4. REGISTRATION RULES TO THE CONTEST

There is specific registration needed for participation, any one can upload video along with their social media profile
No payment required for participation
All Participants in submitting their participation accept the event regulations and grant consent for the handling of their social media information by Dowell
Participants guarantee that the social media information provided upon registration is true and accurate, with no liability being attributed to DoWell in the event of any falsification and/or inaccuracy. Furthermore, inaccurate and/or falsified information can result in disqualification of the participant from the event.
Applications will be screened as per the criteria.


5. JUDGMENT RULES FOR THE CONTEST
A panel of 4 to 5 people with relevant expertise will be responsible for judging Entries.
Participant’s contribution will be judged on the basis of their participation and quality of innovation and creativity.
The organizer’s judgement is final.
Refer the calculation template for more clarity on the judgement method.
Prizes to be awarded weekly basis on performance in the event. 

SCORING OF PARTICIPANTS:

The Entries will be judged according to the following criteria: 
(i) originality/creativity (20%); 
(ii) innovation (25%); 
(iii) analytical skills (10%); 
(iv) strategic thinking (15%) and 
(v) practical implementation (30%). 

Participants will be questioned by the AI team of the organizers based on the videos uploaded by them. Each questionnaire will be unique as per the video uploaded by the participants. Entries must Answer the questions asked to them. Judgment will also be based on this process.
The Entry that earns the highest overall score will win. The decisions of the judges will be final. In the event of a tie, judges will deliberate to determine the winner. Judging will be conducted in a “ fairplay and unbiased ” format, so judges may inspect Entries at any time during the judging period. 
Participants whose Entries are awarded  by the judges will also be asked to demonstrate their videos to all  the judges. 
The judging period may be extended by Sponsor for any length of time, in Sponsor’s discretion. 
Each video must be original, of the Participants  and must be the own creation and newly written during the contest and must not have been entered in any other competition or program similar to the contest, including other competitions conducted by Sponsor. “Newly written” means that Participants cannot in any way copy any video that already privately exists, and submit it as part of an Entry. 
Entries may be subject to a due diligence review at any time for eligibility and compliance with these Terms. 
Determination of eligibility and compliance is at the sole discretion of Sponsor. Sponsors reserve the right to disqualify any Entry if the Entry or a Participant does not comply with these Terms. 
Ownership of Entries: Participant represents and warrants that the Entry does not violate any agreement or obligation to any invention assignment, proprietary information, confidentiality, non-solicitation, noncompetition or similar agreement with any owner or other person. 
Participant represents and warrants that the Entry is and will be Participant’s own original work and does not and will not infringe the intellectual property or proprietary rights of any third party, including, without limitation, any third party patents, copyrights or trademarks. 
Participant hereby agrees not to instigate, support, maintain or authorize any action, claim or lawsuit against the Sponsor, or any other person, on the grounds that any use of a Participant’s Entry, infringes any of Participant’s rights as creator of the Entry, including, without limitation, trademark rights, copyrights and moral rights or “droit moral.”
 Participant hereby assigns and transfers and agrees to assign and transfer to Sponsor all right, title, and interest in and to Participant’s Entry and consequently Sponsor will have all rights to copy, edit, publicly display, publicly perform, broadcast, publish and use, in whole or in part, any Entry, in any manner without further compensation during and after the Hackathon. 
At Sponsor’s request and expense, Participant will assist and cooperate with Sponsor in all respects to execute documents, and will take such further acts reasonably requested by Sponsor to enable Sponsor to acquire, transfer, maintain, perfect and enforce their intellectual property rights and other legal protections for the Entry. 
 Participants will not receive any compensation from Sponsor in connection with any Entries. Each Participant acknowledges and agrees that Sponsor or other Participants or third parties may have developed or commissioned works which are similar to the Entry of Participant or Participant’s team, or may develop something similar in the future, and each Participant waives any claims that Participant may have resulting from any similarities to the Entry of Participant.
You agree to release, indemnify, defend and hold Sponsor and their parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, sponsors and agents, including advertising and promotion agencies, and assigns, and any other organizations related to the contest, harmless, from any and all claims, injuries, damages, expenses or losses to person or property and/or liabilities of any nature that in any way arise from participation in the Hackathon or acceptance or use of a prize or parts thereof, including without limitation 
(i) any condition caused by events beyond Sponsor’s control that may cause the contest to be disrupted or corrupted;
(ii) any claim than an Entry infringes third party intellectual property or proprietary rights; (iii) any disputes among team members, 
(iv) any injuries, losses, or damages (compensatory, direct, incidental, consequential or otherwise) of any kind arising in connection with or as a result of the prize, or acceptance, possession, or use of the prize, or from participation in the contest; 
(v) any printing or typographical errors in any materials associated with the Hackathon; technical errors that may impair your ability to participate in the Hackathon; or 
(vi) errors in the administration of the contest. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. 
General: The Hackathon is subject to federal, state, and local laws and regulations. The Hackathon is offered by Sponsor, which is not responsible for 
(i) late, lost, damaged, incomplete, or misdirected Entries, responses, or other correspondence, whether by e-mail or postal mail or otherwise; 
(ii) theft, destruction, unauthorized access to or alterations of Entries; or 
(iii) phone, electrical, network, computer, hardware, software program or transmission malfunctions, failures or difficulties. 
Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to cancel, modify or suspend the Hackathon in whole or in part, in the event of fraud, technical or other difficulties or if the integrity of the Hackathon is compromised, without liability to the Participants.  


 6. REWARD FOR THE CONTEST :-

The prize for the winning participants will be USD 25. 
All the participants will be provided with points for participation and it will added up on weekly basis for redumption.
The prizes and awards to be awarded are as follows: The Participants whose Entries are awarded the top ten (10) highest scores by the judges will receive a material prize to be disclosed on the day of the event The odds of winning depend on the total number of eligible Entries received. No cash or other substitution of prizes is permitted, except at the sole option of Sponsors for a prize of equal or greater value. Sponsors will not replace any lost or stolen prizes. Winners are solely responsible for any and all federal, state, provincial and local taxes, if any, that apply to prizes.

7. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS 

Intellectual property rights, guarantees, release of responsibility and assignment of intellectual and moral rights, by participating in the contest and accepting the Terms and Conditions, each Participant hereby:

Declares and warrants that the Product and Product Content is an original work and in no way violates, in whole or in part, the Intellectual or Property Rights of others and releases Dowell from any and all responsibility, liability, or request for compensation for damages that should be made by any third party;

Agrees with effect from creation and irrespective of payment to irrevocably transfer and fully assign: a) all Intellectual Property Rights together with all right, title, ownership and/or interest; and b) any and all Moral Rights in Product and Product Content to DoWell. No additional consideration shall be payable to you or any third party by DoWell in respect of such transfer of Intellectual Property Rights.

Agrees to reasonably assist Dowell in registering such rights of ownership and Intellectual Property Rights as required by law (e.g. filing of patents and other such registrations as appropriate); and;

Agrees to indemnify Dowell (its representatives, employees, assignees) and to hold it harmless against any loss, liability, damage or expense suffered or incurred as a result of breach of this clause.

Intellectual Property Rights shall include,without limitation,any ideas,concepts, know-how, data processing techniques, copyrights, patents, designs, inventions, trade secrets, software, source code and documentation, notes, memorandum and any other intellectual property rights attaching to Dowell and Dowell Content created, invented and/or developed by you and/or alongside other Participants pursuant to participation in Dowell contest.


      8. CODE OF CONDUCT 

By participating in any Dowell event,you agree to abide by the following code of conduct.
Participants shall not violate any law, rules and regulation or third party rights.
By submitting an Entry, you warrant and represent:
(a) that it is your original work; 
(b) that it has not been previously displayed, sold or submitted in any other competition, promotion, or contest; 
(c) that it has not won previous awards; and 
(d) that it does not infringe upon the copyrights, trademarks, rights of privacy, publicity or other intellectual property or other rights of any person or entity; 
(e) that if any participant found infringing or violating any laws, rules mentioned herein above, shall be held liable for the compensation and shall also be disqualified.
Participants must  treat all other participants with the utmost respect. All the Digital Identity are requested to act kindly, behave professionally, and do not insult or put down the product. Remember that harassment and racist, sexist, or exclusionary jokes are not appropriate for this event. 
Participants must treat our sponsors, organizers, and judges with the utmost respect.
Failure to comply with the above-stated Rules and Code of Conduct may result in the participating individual’s disqualification.


      9. MISCELLANEOUS 

Dowell may contact any of the participants at any point in time for more information and to discuss potential forms of collaboration.
At any time, at the sole and absolute discretion of Dowell, Dowell shall be entitled to disqualify a Participants in the event of failure to meet relevant eligibility criteria or any other violation or suspected violation of these Terms and Conditions.
These Terms and Conditions, together with any Hackathon registration forms, represent the participant’s entire agreement with Dowell with respect to the Hackathon. These terms cannot be modified or changed except with the written agreement of Dowell.
All terms and rules are subject to change at Dowell, event coordinators’ or judges’ discretion. Participants will be informed of such changes if deemed necessary.
Subject to the rights, these terms and conditions and its interpretation and operation are governed solely by Singapore Law. That those in the Singapore or Foreign  Country, agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Singapore tribunals and courts.
 
 
 
10. DISCLAIMER:
IN NO EVENT WILL SPONSOR BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOSS OF USE, DATA, BUSINESS OR PROFITS) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THE CONTEST, WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY ARISES FROM ANY CLAIM BASED UPON CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT SPONSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE.

## WE HAVE TO ADD OUR DESCRITION FOR UPLOADED THE PRIZED VIDEOS TO OUR SHOPS UNCONDITIONALLY
